Update remarks about legacy Exchange Online tokens (#12929)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Set-AuthenticationPolicy.md

The switch applies to the entire organization. The Identity parameter is required and must be set to the value "LegacyExchangeTokens". Specific authentication policies can't be applied.

**Important**:

> - Apart from the Identity parameter, this switch disregards other authentication policy parameters used in the same command. We recommend running separate commands for other authentication policy changes.

Reviewer: can leave this in. Still applies for folks on the exemption list.

> - It might take up to 24 hours for the change to take effect across your entire organization.

Reviewer: Can leave this in. Still applies for folks on the exemption list.

> **Important**: Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. If you receive the error "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`, you can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. You'll receive the warning "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`. You can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).
```

**Important**:

> - Apart from the Identity parameter, this switch disregards other authentication policy parameters used in the same command. We recommend running separate commands for other authentication policy changes.

Reviewer: leave in.

> - It might take up to 24 hours for the change to take effect across your entire organization.

Reviewer: leave in.

> - Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. If you receive the error "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`, you can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. You'll receive the warning "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`. You can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).
```
